cmd: doc root --cd flag (#1780)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/repro.md

  recursive search for changed dependencies. Multiple stages are executed
  (non-recursively) if multiple stage names are given as `targets`.

- `-c <path>`, `--cwd <path>` - (**deprecated**) this is now supported for any
  command with the global [`dvc --cd <path>`](/doc/command-reference) option.

  Directory within the project to reproduce from. `targets` will be searched
  relative to this path. Instead of using `--cwd`, one can alternately specify a
  target in a subdirectory as `path/to/target.dvc`. This option can be useful

>   for example with subdirectories containing a separate pipeline that can either
>   be reproduced as part of the pipeline in the parent directory, or as an
>   independent unit.

Reviewer: Copy edit of old text:
```suggestion
  for example with subdirectories containing a separate pipeline that can be
  reproduced independently.
```

  subdirectories containing a separate pipeline that can either be reproduced as
  part of the pipeline in the parent directory, or as an independent unit.

  > 💡 This feature is now supported for any DVC command with the `dvc --cd`
  > flag. Use of `dvc repro -c` is deprecated and this option may be removed in

>   > future versions.

Reviewer: Let's add this at the beginning of the bullet above like this:

```md
- `-c <path>`, `--cwd <path>` - (**deprecated**) this is now supported for any
  DVC command with the [`dvc --cd`](/doc/command-reference) option.

  Directory within the project to...
```
